README.md, before:

# Javascript application starter-pack

A starter pack for developing Javascript application.


## Requirements
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org) Latest LTS (14.x.x)

## What is included in this boilerplate
1. Babel
2. Webpack and webpack dev server
3. SASS support   
4. CSS modules are enabled by default
5. Post-CSS with autoprefixer and cssnano

## Install
### Step 1
Open your command line window and type:
```javascript
git clone https://github.com/eye1985/javascript-application-starter.git
```

### Step 2
Navigate to the fetched folder:
```javascript
cd javascript-application-starter-pack
```

### Step 3
Install the package:
```javascript
npm install
```

Start the webpack-dev-server:
### Step 4
```javascript
npm start
```

### Step 5
Go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser of choice.

### Step 6
Open your favorite code editor and start coding.

## Configurations
You can further customize your needs in webpack.config.js
Hot reloading are enabled by default.

## Commands

```javascript
npm run dev // Creates a developer build under dist
npm run build // Creates a production build under dist
npm run clean // Deletes the entire dist folder
npm start // Starts the webpack-dev-server on port 3000
```

Commit message:

- Package update - Added eslint - Added prettier

README.md, after:

# Javascript application starter-pack

A starter pack for developing Javascript application.


## Requirements
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org) Latest LTS (14.x.x)

## What is included in this boilerplate
1. Babel
2. Webpack and webpack dev server
3. SASS support   
4. CSS modules are enabled by default
5. Post-CSS with autoprefixer and cssnano
6. ESLint extending the standard and prettier rules
7. Prettier syntax formatter

## Install
### Step 1
Open your command line window and type:
```javascript
git clone https://github.com/eye1985/javascript-application-starter.git
```

### Step 2
Navigate to the fetched folder:
```javascript
cd javascript-application-starter-pack
```

### Step 3
Install the package:
```javascript
npm install
```

Start the webpack-dev-server:
### Step 4
```javascript
npm start
```

### Step 5
Go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser of choice.

### Step 6
Open your favorite code editor and start coding.

## Configurations
You can further customize your needs in webpack.config.js
Hot reloading are enabled by default.

## Commands

```javascript
npm run dev // Creates a developer build under dist
npm run build // Creates a production build under dist
npm run clean // Deletes the entire dist folder
npm start // Starts the webpack-dev-server on port 3000
```
